{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Light;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red71\green71\blue71;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c34902\c34902\c34902;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16700\viewh10760\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 A Little About Me\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Not too long ago, I gave birth to a little human. She's pretty precious, but obviously I'm biased. I only bring this up because she's such a big part of my story. Having her made me want to dream bigger and want better for my self and for her.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 I've always been a very creative person. Whether through photography, graphic design or woodworking to name a few favourites. So after she was born, I decided to dust off those once forgotten pictures and gave them a new purpose. Then, I thought of all the things that inspire me. Whether it be quotes, lyrics, or just pretty things for my pretty baby, and started looking at ways to put them out there so that they may inspire someone else. Through this process I was reminded of my passion for creating, and, driven by my desire to give my daughter a better future, I decided to take the plunge and go back to school for graphic design.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 This all brings us here. Welcome to The Modern Prints Co. Thank you for joining me on this journey. It may be small right now, but every visitor gives me the motivation to continue to grow. So whether you're looking for new art for your walls or you're just browsing for inspiration, I'm glad you stopped by and I hope you'll come back! }